[Add] Docs Android roadmap: tabs and edittext (#6764)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/android/content/tabs@pEBpXv3Jf1AzBNHlvVrG8.md

> # Tabs
> 
> Tabs in Android Studio are a UI component used to organize content into multiple sections, allowing users to navigate between them by selecting the corresponding tab. This component is commonly used when there is a need to present different types of content in a single screen, like different categories, settings, or pages within an app.
> 
> ## Key Components for Implementing Tabs
> - TabLayout
> - ViewPager/ViewPager2
> - Fragments
> 
> Visit the following resources to learn more:
> 
> - [@article@Android developers: Material Tabs](https://developer.android.com/reference/com/google/android/material/tabs/package-summary)

Reviewer: Let's stick with one paragraph please. Also use `@official@` for the official resources.

```suggestion
# Tabs

Tabs in Android Studio are a UI component used to organize content into multiple sections, allowing users to navigate between them by selecting the corresponding tab. This component is commonly used when there is a need to present different types of content in a single screen, like different categories, settings, or pages within an app.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@official@Android developers: Material Tabs](https://developer.android.com/reference/com/google/android/material/tabs/package-summary)
```
